Add one pager for writing custom dataflow analysis and dataflow based… (#3041)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: docs/Writing dataflow analysis based analyzers.md

## Well-known flow analyses

We have some common analyses that you may likely want to consume for your custom dataflow analysis implementation or use directly in dataflow analyzers:

1. [PointsToAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/PointsToAnalysis/PointsToAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track locations pointed to by AnalysisEntity and IOperation instances. This is the most commonly used dataflow analysis in all our flow based analyzers/analyses.
2. [ValueContentAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/ValueContentAnalysis/ValueContentAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track possible constant values that might be stored in an AnalysisEntity and IOperation instances. This is identical to constant propagation for constant values stored in non-constant symbols.
3. [TaintedDataAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/TaintedDataAnalysis/TaintedDataAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track tainted state of AnalysisEntity and IOperation instances.

> 

Reviewer: Is this documentation intended for Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FlowAnalysis.Utilities? Cuz TaintedData isn't in there, right? (Unless you're signing up for supporting it as a consumable API 🙂)

Author: Ah, no. This is primarily intended for writing flow based analyzers within our repo.

Reviewer: Oh okay. Could mention PropertySetAnalysis, intended to find incorrect usage of an object based on a set of its properties.

```csharp
int c1 = 0;
int c2 = 0;
int c3 = c1 + c2;
int c4 = flag ? c3 : c3 + param;     // assume 'param' is a parameter for this method block with unknown value content from callers.
```
ValueContentAnalysis will compute that variables `c1`, `c2` and `c3` have identical `ValueContentAbstractValue` with a single literal value `0` and `ValueContainsNonLiteralState.No` to indicate it cannot contain a non-literal value. It will compute that `c4` has a different `ValueContentAbstractValue` with a single literal value `0` and `ValueContainsNonLiteralState.Maybe` to indicate that it may contain some non-literal value(s) in some code path(s).

4. [TaintedDataAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/TaintedDataAnalysis/TaintedDataAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track tainted state of AnalysisEntity and IOperation instances.

> 5. [PropertySetAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/PropertySetAnalysis/PropertySetAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track values assigned to more then one property of an object to identify and flag incorrect/insecure object state.

Reviewer: >more then one property [](start = 220, length = 22)

How abouts, "one or more properties"?

> 5. [PropertySetAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/PropertySetAnalysis/PropertySetAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track values assigned to more then one property of an object to identify and flag incorrect/insecure object state.

Author: ```suggestion
5. [PropertySetAnalysis](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/v2.9.7/src/Utilities/FlowAnalysis/FlowAnalysis/Analysis/PropertySetAnalysis/PropertySetAnalysis.cs): Dataflow analysis to track values assigned to one or more properties of an object to identify and flag incorrect/insecure object state.
```
